# bundle id | UTI/ext/MIME type | role

com.microsoft.VSCode .applescript all
com.microsoft.VSCode .c all
com.microsoft.VSCode .clj all
com.microsoft.VSCode .cpp all
com.microsoft.VSCode .cs all
com.microsoft.VSCode .css all
com.microsoft.VSCode .csv all
com.microsoft.VSCode .h all
com.microsoft.VSCode .ics all
com.microsoft.VSCode .java all
com.microsoft.VSCode .js all
com.microsoft.VSCode .json all
com.microsoft.VSCode .m all
com.microsoft.VSCode .md all
com.microsoft.VSCode .php all
com.microsoft.VSCode .pl all
com.microsoft.VSCode .py all
com.microsoft.VSCode .r all
com.microsoft.VSCode .rb all
com.microsoft.VSCode .scpt all
com.microsoft.VSCode .sh all
com.microsoft.VSCode .sql all
com.microsoft.VSCode .ts all
com.microsoft.VSCode .txt all
